----! Team Fortress Quake Level !----

Title  :  Escape from Alcatraz
Author :  Mathieu Perrenoud
E-mail :  mperreno@iismail.unil.ch
ICQ#   :  13197438

-------------------------------------------------
WebSite:  www-iis.unil.ch/~mperreno/Alcatraz.html
-------------------------------------------------

To play this map, just unzip the file Alcatraz.bsp in your maps directory

In the archive, you'll also find a file called Alclint.zip, it's an entity update that'll somewhat change
the gameplay of the map. To use it, read alclint.txt included in alclint.zip. (READ the alclint.txt, cause if
you do the change, you can't come back to the older version and maybe you won't like the changes!!!)

gameplay:
There are two teams, the prisonners and the guards. The prisonners take the key from the office and evade the map.
The guards must stop (kill) them... The guards have plenty of respawn with resupply. The prisonners start
in the cells and have a small amount of resupply. So either they wait for ammos to kill the guards or they run
for the key. When a prisonner leaves, he gets 4 frags and his teammates get 2 frags each. 

design notes: 
The key is in the office, it opens the door in the central court for a few seconds.
Guards can't open the door, but they have a second passageway from under the tower to the right of the door.
You can blow off the door of the library (the stairs next to the ones leading to the office) with a detpack.
There is a pass in the library. It lets you shutdown the security laser (just above the exit door) for 5 secs.
The prisonners can get easily on the circular path around the court, from the destroyed tower. 
Prisonners can try to infiltrate the guards resupply, but backpacks won't work for them, they are trapped and 
will only work for guards. There is only one that can be taken.. I let you find which one.
The guards can't get in the cells area (behind the grates). And they can't get outside the prison (between the 
mountains, where prisonners escape). Even with that, it's hard to bypass guards... That's why you get 4 frags
and teammates 2 when you escape. 
There is a tunnel closed by wooden boards. You can shoot them down. Engineers can open and close them 
by using their spanner on the spare boards and nails next to the tunnel entrance.
The armory resupply is slow. I first tought of putting only civilians in prisonner team... So that's better than
nothing.

Build notes:
QBSP :  40 s
VIS  : 220 s
LIGHT: 240 s
base: rock1 from Sgt. Thundercok for inspiration
build time: 7 days
known bugs: none
 
thanks:
Sgt. Thundercok for Rock1 (and Rock2 btw) and for allowing me to use this level as an inspiration
All my playtesters friends: Crooty, Nikita, Bugs Bunny, Marcidou, Frank, Bitor, Polla, PacPac...
id for quake
and TFS for TF...

Copyright:
This map can't be used for commercial uses without sending me lots of money...
You're free to distribute it, as long as it's free and that you include this text...

Questions, reflexions, commentaries, ideas... 
One adress: mperreno@iismail.unil.ch
One Number: 13197438 (ICQ)
