Name:           Block Warfare - Harb!ngeR

Author:         The Harb!ngeR of Fish

Email :         harb@planetquake.com

WebSite :       www.planetquake.com/elf

.Bsp name:      TECHGEN.BSP

Spec:           This map is for TeamFortress 2.5 or above (2.9)
                Set in some kind of canal/city area, this is one of the
                best looking maps I've ever made, and possibly one of the
                best looking TF maps around... very curvy!

Level info:     So how did this one come into being then?

                Well I felt like making a TF map that would be a graphical
                feast... far removed from the bland 2Forts we're all used to!

                This (After much head scratching where I concider the term
                'playability') is the final result!

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Thanks to:

                The TF crew
                Wickiddog for compiling this map on his monsta machine :)

                PlanetFortress for mentioning me on their main page
                PlanetQuake for mentioning me on their main page
                PlanetC&C for mentioning me on their main page

Screams of frustration and torment for:

                PlanetHalfLife, for not mentioning me yet! :P

Final comments:

                I like being mentioned to the world... it gives me this warm
                fuzzy feeling :)

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Build Machine:          PII 266 w 32mb RAM/PII 300 w 48mb RAM
Compile machine:        PII 400 w 128mb RAM
Total Compile time:     'bout 4 hours
(QBSP256C)                      time: 
(IKLITE)                        time: 
(RVISPLUS)                      time: 
VIS compresion level -
Leaks: None
Models:   Too bloody many!
Entities: 512 (!)
Textures: 48

Type of patch: New Level.
Build time:    3 Weeks
Editors used:  BSP, MS-DOS EDIT.
New levels:    1
Single player: X
CO-OP:         X
Deathmatch :   X
Teamplay DM:   X
TEAM FORTRESS: YES

New .bsp models: NO
New .mdl files:  NO (Not unless you count the TF ones)
New Sounds:      YES 
New music:       NO
New skins:       NO

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Bugs:

None!! Mwahahaha!!! NEVER A BUG IN MY LEVEL!!!

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Long live Quake! (Forever & Ever Amen!)
Down with poor quality clone games!
Down with my enemies!
Please?

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Leagal stuff:

Not much, I'm not fussy, but there are requirements below:

This file is to be included with the level if it is posted anywhere.

The contents of this file are not to be changed or modified in any way.

This map and file are Copyright (c) Benjamin Skinner January 2000.

This map may be used as part of a patch or for part of a campaign, all I ask
is that this file is included and the title is unchanged. Try and get in
touch with me if you want to do this, and I'll see about sending you the .map
file, I'd just like to know where my stuff has gone, that's all.
                                
ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Coming soon........

*

My Assault SP campaign, featuring more brand new custom entities than you
can shake a shambler at :P

*

Okay, okay...

Enough adverts already.....

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

All about me.

I'm the Harb!ngeR, basically a half decent grade player with a set of feindish
ideas for levels.

I'm basically the project leader on what has now become the ELF team, a group
of likeminded people who make stuff for Quake!

I still play Quake more than Q2 (Or even Q3 )for some reason, though I don't
really know why, it's just I love all those dull, easy to kill monsters...
And my pet dog Cujo!

Do I do other games? YUP!

I do Half-Life... which I also map for :)

I also 'loan out' my mapping skills to other teams such as the NukeMatch
project (A TF style games where flags = components for a balistic missile
that can destroy everyone who's not hiding in a bunker) and guys who want the
odd specialist map for their mods.

If 'ya like my work, get in touch!

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ


         ษอออออออออออออออออป
         บ  I like to map, บ
         ศอออออออออออออออออผอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
                           บ so gimmie a job and I can map for you!  บ
                           ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
