Title          - Invade the Castle
File Name      - invade3.bsp
Author         - [NERD]Brain
Description    - This is a Team Fortress map for Quake. It isn't like the
                 2fort maps mainly because there's only one fort. One team
                 invades the castle, while the other defends it and all the
                 relics inside, which act like normal Quake powerups, except
                 that the effects last until it's dropped. Either team can
                 use the relics, but only one relic can be used by someone
                 at a time. If someone has a relic they cannot pick up
                 another one. However, they can be dropped using the
                 "dropitems" command, where another one can then be picked up
                 Once the item is dropped the effects wear off. There is also
                 an ancient scroll, which is the main goal of the invaders.
                 The invaders are to grab this scroll and bring it to a
                 sacrificial altar. This will cast a spell which kills
                 everyone, except for the caster (is he really safe?), and
                 give the invaders 5 points. The ancient scroll can not be
                 dropped like the relics, and can be picked up along with a
                 relic. Sound complicated? It really isn't. Just bind a key
                 to "dropitems" and the rest is basically kill, destroy, and
                 kill some more.
Installation   - Put invade.bsp in the /fortress/maps directory, the sounds
                 in sound/items, and the models in the /progs directory.
                 This map should replace the previous version (invade2),
                 which is now outdated.
Credits        - Hexen 2 for the extra models and sounds
Single Player  - Only to look around
Multiplayer    - That's what it was designed for
Deathmatch     - Maybe, but it's best for teamfortress
Editors Used   - WorldCraft for the actual level and Quark for extracting
                 textures and learning about the entities and how they are
                 done on other maps
Building Time  - About 3 months, and a few hours for each revision
Flaws          - None
Files in Zip   - invade3.bsp          : The map file
                 relic.wav           : Relic pickup sound
                 laugh.wav           : Main Goal sound
                 scroll.wav          : The Ancient Scroll pickup sound
                 potion.mdl          : Invisibility Potion relic model
                 random.mdl          : Randomizer relic model
                 tome.mdl            : Tome of Power relic model
                 helmet.mdl          : Magic Helmet relic model
                 life.mdl            : Amulet of Life relic model
                 relic.mdl           : Holy Relic model
                 scroll.mdl          : The Ancient Scroll model
Relics         - Holy Relic          : Gives extremely durable armor
                 Invisibility Potion : Makes one invisible
                 Magic Helmet        : Gradually replenishes ammunition
                 Tome of Power       : Gives extreme power to weapons and
                                       grenades
                 Randomizer          : Has various effects at random times
                 Amulet of Life      : Regenerates health and armor slowly
Hints          - All items return 60 seconds after they are dropped, unless
                 they land in lava, when they return significantly sooner.
               - The Holy Relic gives very strong armor, so strong that
                 rocket and grenade jumping does not work nearly as well.
               - If some unfortunate person falls off the edge in the altar
                 room, the ancient scroll returns immediately. This is to
                 make it so that no one has to wait around a long time for it
                 to return. It will not return if the carrier dies before
                 hitting the bottom (hit by rocket in mid-air, suiciding in a
                 panic while falling, dropped scroll missing the ground, etc.
Map Properties -  2246 planes        44920
                  8590 vertexes     103080
                  2451 nodes         58824
                   262 texinfo       10480
                  6258 faces        125160
                  6162 clipnodes     49296
                  1377 leafs         38556
                  7964 marksurfaces  15928
                 30778 surfedges     61556
                 15718 edges         62872
                    94 textures     1016660
                       lightdata    285361
                       visdatasize   32247  compressed from 124871
                       entdata       43843
                  QBSP - 1695.0 seconds elapsed
                 LIGHT - 2812.0 seconds elapsed (Extra)
                  RVIS -  896.0 seconds elapsed (Level 4)
                 Total - 5403.0 seconds elapsed
                         or 1 hour 30 minutes 3 seconds
Revisions  v.2 - Added a secret teleporter to the battlements, but the secret
                 can only be opened by a button hidden somewhere
               - Changed how the main goal kills the user. It no longer kills
                 slowly, but only once. It seems better this way because the
                 user kept getting hurt after he restarted. That is fixed now.
               - The ancient scroll is now glowing so it can be easily seen
                 in dark places.
               - Minor texture changes
               - Changed some deathtype messages
           v.3 - Fixed some texture and polyhedron errors
               - Added a teleporter from the blue suppy room to the altar
                 room, right by the altar. This will allow blue to defend the
                 upper areas more easily. Before, if red passed a certain
                 point, blue could not stop him unless there was a sentry gun
                 or some other defense up there. Just shoot the back panel in
                 the blue supply room and the door will open.
               - Decreased the scroll capture count from 10 to 5
               - The jumps across from the lower ramps to the scroll room are
                 a bit easier.
               - Changed the secret button that opens the outside teleport.
                 It's now opens for only team 2, so that blue will not
                 accidently open the door.
               - The entity update from version 2 is in this version, meaning
                 any server playing this don't have to worry about adding
                 the invade2 entity update. The intermission view is pointing
                 in the right direction finally.
               - In the capture message, 'vengeance' was spelled wrong. That
                 is fixed now.
               - When a engineer teleports to the altar area from either the
                 anteroom or blue supply room teleports, their cells will be
                 completely removed. This makes it almost impossible to build
                 cheap sentry guns in the altar room. It is still possible
                 if other classes discard cells while in the altar area.
                 Before, blue could just set up one or two guns that were
                 just plain untouchable. Any other defenses like pipebombs,
                 snipers, etc. can still be put in the altar area like
                 before. The torch braziers are also raised slightly to make
                 it harder to put guns on top of them.