Name:           2Mach - Harb Edition - Harb!ngeR

Author:         The Harb!ngeR of Fish

Email :         harb@planetquake.com

WebSite :       www.planetquake.com/elf

.Bsp name:      2MACHA.BSP

Spec:           Two bases seperated by a piece of no-mans land, using some
                Q2 textures, some IKBASE.

Level info:     Based on the layout  of the TF level 2mach1 but with greater 
		connectivity. I made this level because although 2mach1 looks
		great and can play very well, there are some important niggles 
		which I have altered for this edition:

                Some of the architecture (Like the water lifts) looked a bit
                blocky in 2Mach1, I have attempted to keep them 'nicer looking'.

                The Acid trap has a bridge across it so you don't have to make
                daft angled jumps all the time, this could be very hard on a
                high ping! Also the acid has a very nice fake coloured lighting
		effect done with a clever (Well I think it's clever!) use of
		textures.

                I've added more resupply packs, which give out ammo & health
                faster, rather than just one per team!

                I've added internal lifts so you don't have to exit the base
                and then reenter just to defend the higher areas of your base.

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

I'd like a mapping job, give me one now! ;) (Yeah, like anyone would think
                                             my maps are any good...)

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Thanks to:

                The National Society For The Protection Of Fish <NSFTPOF>

Screams of frustration and torment for:

                Satan, Lucifer, Beelzebub, Mephistophilis, The Devil,
                Old Harry, Damian.

                Oh yeah, that red bloke with the horns too...

Final comments:

                Satan is cool, he can be your agent too, all you have to do is
                fill out a contract written in your own blood...

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Build Machine: P266 w 32 mb ram
Compile machine: P266 w 32 mb ram
Total Compile time:
(QBSP)                          time: 1 Min 57 Seconds
(IKLITE)                        time: 1 Min 31 Seconds
(VIS)                           time: 657 Seconds
VIS compresion level - 19023/37950
Leaks: None
Average light level :   47/255
Models:                 7
Entities:               129
Textures:               35
Visable faces:          2586

Type of patch: New Level.
Base:          New Level built from scratch.
Build time:    Four days, at least two hours a day.
Editors used:  BSP, MS-DOS EDIT.
New levels:    1
Single player: NO
CO-OP:         NO
Deathmatch :   NO
Teamplay DM:   NO
Team Fortress: YES

New .mdl files: NO
New Sounds: NO 
New music:  NO
New skins:  NO

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Bugs:

None!! Mwahahaha!!! NEVER A BUG IN MY LEVEL!!!

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Long live Quake! (Forever & Ever Amen!)
Down with poor quality clone games!
Down with my enemies!
Please?

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Leagal stuff:

Not much, I'm not fussy, but there are requirements below:

This file is to be included with the level if it is posted anywhere.

The contents of this file are not to be changed or modified in any way.

This map and file are Copyright (c) Benjamin Skinner 1999.

This map may be used as part of a patch or for part of a campaign, all I ask
is that this file is included and the title is unchanged. Try and get in
touch with me if you want to do this, and I'll see about sending you the .map
file, I'd just like to know where my stuff has gone, that's all.
                                
If this is distributed on a magazine then I want a free copy of the mag!
(Email adress in above) I guess it's only fair?

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

Coming soon........

*

Twisted Future - A space age deathmatch map in an abandoned base...

*

DiD5 - Mine Clearance, a DiD map based on my previous AirQuake map Mine
Clearance

*

Okay, okay...

Enough adverts already.....

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ

All about me.

I'm the Harb!ngeR, basically a half decent grade player with a set of feindish
ideas for levels.

I'm basically the project leader on what has now become the ELF team.

I still play Quake more than Q2 for some reason, though I don't really know
why, it's just I love all those dull, easy to kill monsters... And my pet dog
Cujo!

I also 'loan out' my mapping skills to other teams such as the NukeMatch
project (A TF style games where flags = components for a balistic missile
that can destroy everyone who's not hiding in a bunker) and guys who want the
odd specialist map, eg: lately I've done one for the Duel of the Fates mod,
and another for the Street Fighter 2 Quake conversion.

If 'ya like my work, get in touch!

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ


                   ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
                   บSatan is nice, Satan is your pal..บ
                   ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
