Title          - Invade the Castle
File Name      - invade4a.bsp
Author         - [NERD]Brain
Description    - This is a Team Fortress map for Quake. It isn't like the
                 2fort maps mainly because there's only one fort. One team
                 invades the castle, while the other defends it and all the
                 relics inside, which act like normal Quake powerups, except
                 that the effects last until it's dropped. Either team can
                 use the relics, but only one relic can be used by someone
                 at a time. If someone has a relic they cannot pick up
                 another one. However, they can be dropped using the
                 "dropitems" command, where another one can then be picked up
                 Once the item is dropped the effects wear off. There is also
                 an ancient scroll, which is the main goal of the invaders.
                 The invaders are to grab this scroll and bring it to a
                 sacrificial altar. This will cast a spell which kills
                 everyone, even the caster, and give the invaders 10 points.
                 The scroll is in a small room just above the door in the
                 main room, but it is blocked off by metal bars. To open the
                 bars, shoot a big, red window in the relic room where the
                 shambler statues are. Then the scroll must be taken to a
                 small room directly above the room where the scroll was.
                 There is a teleporter which leads to the altar. Once the
                 scroll is captured, the teams switch. The attackers are the
                 defenders and vice versa. The ancient scroll can not be
                 dropped like the relics and can be picked up along with a
                 relic. Sound complicated? It really isn't. Just bind a key
                 to "dropitems" and the rest is basically kill, destroy, and
                 kill some more.
Installation   - Put invade4a.bsp in the /fortress/maps directory, the sounds
                 in sound/items, and the models in the /progs directory.
Credits        - Hexen 2 for the extra models and sounds
Single Player  - Only to look around
Multiplayer    - That's what it was designed for
Deathmatch     - Maybe, but it's best for teamfortress
Editors Used   - WorldCraft for the actual level and Quark for extracting
                 textures and learning about the entities and how they are
                 done on other maps
Building Time  - About 3 months, a few hours for the second and third
                 versions, and about a week for this version
Flaws          - None
Files in Zip   - invade4a.bsp        : The map file
                 relic.wav           : Relic pickup sound
                 laugh.wav           : Main Goal sound
                 scroll.wav          : The Ancient Scroll pickup sound
                 potion.mdl          : Invisibility Potion relic model
                 random.mdl          : Randomizer relic model
                 tome.mdl            : Tome of Power relic model
                 helmet.mdl          : Magic Helmet relic model
                 life.mdl            : Amulet of Life relic model
                 relic.mdl           : Holy Relic model
                 scroll.mdl          : The Ancient Scroll model
Relics         - Holy Relic          : Gives extremely durable armor
                 Invisibility Potion : Makes one invisible
                 Magic Helmet        : Gradually replenishes ammunition
                 Tome of Power       : Gives extreme power to weapons and
                                       grenades
                 Randomizer          : Has various effects at random times
                 Amulet of Life      : Regenerates health and armor slowly
Hints          - All items return 60 seconds after they are dropped, unless
                 they land in lava, when they return significantly sooner.
               - The Holy Relic gives very strong armor, so strong that
                 rocket and grenade jumping does not work nearly as well.
               - If some unfortunate person falls off the edge in the altar
                 room, the ancient scroll returns immediately. This is to
                 make it so that no one has to wait around a long time for it
                 to return. It will not return if the carrier dies before
                 hitting the bottom (hit by rocket in mid-air, suiciding in a
                 panic while falling, dropped scroll missing the ground, etc.
               - A secret button hanging under the big ramp in the main room
                 opens a door outside the attackers' supply room. There is a
                 teleporter there which leads directly to the battlements.
               - Trying to get too close to the enemy supply room results
                 in..........NAH! Never mind.
               - Pipejumpers should have real fun here, as long as they have
                 the amulet of life. There's a bunch of places to try it.
Map Properties -  2233 planes        44660
                  8634 vertexes     103608
                  2477 nodes         59448
                   260 texinfo       10400
                  6275 faces        125500
                  5478 clipnodes     43824
                  1373 leafs         38444
                  7995 marksurfaces  15990
                 30888 surfedges     61776
                 15698 edges         62792
                    93 textures     1015256
                       lightdata    286509
                       visdata       31748  compressed from 147016
                       entdata       56957
                  QBSP - 1372.0 seconds elapsed
                 LIGHT - 3489.0 seconds elapsed (Extra)
                  RVIS -  900.0 seconds elapsed (Level 4)
                 Total - 5761.0 seconds elapsed
                         or 1 hour 36 minutes 1 second
Revisions  v.2 - Added a secret teleporter to the battlements, but the secret
                 can only be opened by a button hidden somewhere
               - Changed how the main goal kills the user. It no longer kills
                 slowly, but only once. It seems better this way because the
                 user kept getting hurt after he restarted.
               - The ancient scroll is now glowing so it can be easily seen
                 in dark places.
               - Minor texture changes
               - Changed some deathtype messages
           v.3 - Fixed some texture and polyhedron errors
               - Added a teleporter from the blue suppy room to the altar
                 room, right by the altar. This will allow blue to defend the
                 upper areas more easily. Before, if red passed a certain
                 point, blue could not stop him unless there was a sentry gun
                 or some other defense up there. Just shoot the back panel in
                 the blue supply room and the door will open.
               - The jumps across from the lower ramps to the scroll room are
                 a bit easier
               - In the capture message, 'vengeance' was spelled wrong. That
                 is fixed now.
               - When a engineer teleports to the altar area from either the
                 anteroom or blue supply room teleports, their cells will be
                 completely removed. This makes it almost impossible to build
                 cheap sentry guns in the altar room. It is still possible
                 if other classes discard cells while in the altar area.
                 Before, blue could just set up one or two guns that were
                 just plain untouchable. Any other defenses like pipebombs,
                 snipers, etc. can still be put in the altar area like
                 before. The torch braziers are also raised slightly to make
                 it harder to put guns on top of them.
           v.4 - The offense-defense shift idea was based on the idea in the
                 map ripple.bsp by >V< Null
               - Changed the whole structure of the teams. Now both teams
                 will be able to play both sides in one game, switching every
                 time the invaders capture the scroll. This will finally
                 create the balance that this map was always lacking. Once
                 the invaders capture, the spell runs like usual, except
                 everyone dies at the same time, including the one who
                 captured the scroll. This means that door blocking the
                 anteroom will no longer be needed and is removed. The next
                 time the teams respawn it will be in the opposite sides,
                 offense becomes defense, and vice versa. A new scroll will
                 replace the old, this one only able to be picked up by the
                 other team. When the other team captures, everything reverts
                 back to its original state, and the cycle repeats until the
                 game is over.
               - All other things: cell remover, teleporters, relics, etc.
                 remain the same. the problem wasn't with any of that, but
                 the horrible imbalance this map created. Red could rack up
                 the points simply by capturing like normal while blue was
                 forced to gain points the hard way.
               - Removed all team specific properties of all the doors and
                 buttons. Instead, supply room camping deterrents were added.
                 If someone approached an enemy supply room, they will be
                 killed. Once the teams switch, so do the info_tfgoals that
                 kill, as well as the supplies inside the rooms.
               - The scroll now only glows if it's been moved or being
                 carried. This is mostly a sideeffect of the offense-defense
                 shift, but it actually helps since the surfedges are a bit
                 lower in the general area now.
               - Changed the info_tfdetect entity slightly, namely removed
                 the flaginfo command. With there now being two scrolls, it
                 became inaccurate and useless.
               - At the beginning of the game, blue will be given 5 team
                 points, but not indivizual points (frags). This is to give
                 blue a chance to win. If both teams started evenly, then
                 blue could either only tie the game or lose by 10. This may
                 seem unfair to red, but if blue can hold off red for the
                 entire time, usually 30 minutes, then blue deserves to win.
          v.4a - Fixed a bizarre bsp error that in one spot allowed anyone to
                 literally walk off the map. The map had to be renamed. which
                 was annoying to say the least.

WARNING TO SERVER ADMINISTRATORS: Team Fortress 3.0 cannot be played on
invade4 or any of the series. For some bizarre reason, the "dropitems"
command does not work at all. Also, TF 3.0 gives individual points for team
scores. This map was designed to give one team 5 team points, but not
individual points. TF 3.0 is a good version, but these errors simply MUST be
fixed if this map is to be any good with this new version.