Playnotes for TRK
by John Charette

TRK is a two-team CTF TeamFortress level for up to 32
players.

The objective is to capture the enemy's flag as many times
as you can while inflicting the maximum amount of pain and
suffering possible in the shortest amount of time.

Each team spawn room contains 3 backpacks with health and ammo
that all classes of players can use. The pentagram textured
floor section in each spawn room is where spawning takes place;
therefore - DON'T STAND ON IT IF YOU'RE ALIVE!!! You could be
telefragged by one of your own teammates.

There are 2 spawn rooms for each team - one on the upper
level and one on the lower level. The doors to these spawn
rooms are team-specific, that is, only members of that team
can open the doors.

Within each spawn room is a special door for MEDIC's ONLY.
This is denoted by the Red Cross symbol on the door. The
room beyond the door contains items most used by members of
the medical profession in TeamFortress.

Each base also contains a team-specific lift or elevator
that allows players to move from the lower level to the
upper level. Exit from the upper level is accomplished by
dropping down a chute. Before the player hits bottom
(thereby breaking several bones), he is teleported to a
point just outside his team's lower spawn room.

The teleport exit is raised off the floor but can
be jumped up on. The telepad is team-textured with
either a red or blue pentagram.

DON'T STAND ON THE TELEPAD! You could be telefragged!

Defending your flag against theft is important, and to
this end, several defensive positions have been made available.

Access to the upper level defensive position is obtained
by running into the wall behind your own flag. This will
teleport you to a room above the hallway leading to the 
flag. Drop down the chute, and you will be able to cover 
the flag from above.

Lower-level defense is accomplished by the use of duck-ins -
 one on each side that will allow teammates to cover the
flag while avoiding enemy fire and grenade attacks.

Travel between the two bases can be had by crossing the
bridge, by underwater tunnels, and underground tunnels.

Both bases and tunnels are team colour-coded so you always
know which way you're heading.

Wide corridors will allow several players to slaughter
one another simultaenously without restriction.

Use of Nuclear Weapons has been authorised.

Have A Nice Day...

TRK - A 32 Player/QuakeWorld compatible TeamFortress level

Concept and original design by John Charette

Minor structural modifications and compilation
by SK-Imaginos of Clan SinTheTik

November 10, 1997

