             This map made for TeamFortress Version 2.8 or higher!
ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ
Title                   : Civilian Sawmill, Version 4.0
Author                  : J.C. Bengtson

Online Handle           : >V< SailorScout
E-Mail Address          : sailorscout@mindless.com

Website                 : http://www.warzone.com/sailorscout

Included Files          : CIVSAW4 .BSP - The main data file
                          CIVSAW4 .TXT - The file you're reading
                          THEPOWER.WAV - This is heard when there's a capture
                          SIREN   .WAV - Touch the flag to hear this

Other Files by Author   : UAC_CNTR.WAD - My first level, for DOOM II
                          WATRCITY.WAD - Massive Water City for Heretic
                          DMENTRY .WAD - Cool modification of DOOM II's MAP01
                          JAWRAWx .BSP - Contributed work to the Jawraw maps
                          SWENT   .ENT - Sniprwar Entity upgrade
                          R1ENT   .ENT - Rock1 Entity upgrade

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ
Revision History        : v4.0 - Totally redid the textures, tore out some
                                 more brushes, added in the light blocks,
                                 dimmed or removed many of the light sources,
                                 some small ENT changes in messages, fixed up
                                 the bridge, added a small red square so
                                 newbies can more easily tell where to cap the
                                 flag, changed the lava to slime, changed the
                                 "story" slightly, put in some ambience, shrunk
                                 and moved the supports holding the lights up.

                          v3.0 - ReMIPPed the textures making them look a
                                 little better, spliced the brushes in the
                                 lava somewhat better, stripped the light
                                 entities from the final compile, as well as
                                 a few other minor entity and texture changes.

                          v2.0 - Added the upper deck, redid the textures for
                                 the most part, added Megahealth, lava, fire,
                                 more spawn points for Civilians, and when
                                 a Red grabs the Blue flag, Blue gets some
                                 more ammo and cells.

                          v1.3 - Reverted Quad/Penta times, changed to 3
                                 HWGuys on the Blue team. Not good.

                          v1.2 - Colored the textures near where you grab the
                                 flag and where you cap, shortened time of
                                 Quad and lengthened Penta.

                          v1.1 - Minor ENT changes, better messages.
 
                          v1.0 - Initial release.

Installation            : The .BSP file goes in fortress\maps
                          The .WAV files go in fortress\sound\items

Compile Machine         : AOpen SuperTower
                          Intel Pentium-200 MMX w/ 64 MB EDO RAM, 24x CD-ROM,
                          8 MB Matrox Millenium II with Diamond Monster 3D,
                          Sound Blaster AWE 64 Value, 56K USRobotics Sportster

ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ THE STORY SO FAR..                                                         บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
Darkness falls over the smelting plant as evening settles in. It has been
several days since the milita's forces descended upon the quiet industrial
town and took over the biggest chemical refinery in the States. Armed
with heavy Assualt Cannons, they proceeded to rid all the townspeople of
their money and armaments. They thought their victory was complete.

They were wrong.

As a member of the local factory workers union, you have convinced the rest
of the opressed people to gather together all the spare weapons that were
not confiscated, ranging from knives to hand axes. It may not be much, but
reports say there are only 2 guards on patrol at any given time.

Your goal is their flag. It is said to grant superstrength to those who can
hold it long enough. As such, you must steal it away from them and make your
capture sound. Beware, the militia have set an alarm on the flag so when it
is taken it will be loud enough for all to hear..

Good luck!

ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ PLAY INFORMATION                                                           บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
Map #                   : CIVSAW4

Base                    : A UAC facility on Phobos. Oh, I mean, all new
                          level from scratch!

Build Time              : About 15 hours; double the amount of time was spent
                          on this release then all the previous ones combined.

Programs used           : qED v1.0
                          EntEd v2.05 Beta 5c
                          ReMIPDLX v.092
                          ArghLite v1.0
                          QBsp v1.65
                          Vis-TS v1.65

May Not Run With...     : Older versions of TeamFortress or without it!

Known Bugs              : If there were any bugs I knew and still released
                          this, I would go to hell.

ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ LEVEL QUESTIONS                                                            บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
 Q. What is the point of this map?

 A. If you are Blue, it's just to kill as many Reds as possible and to prevent
    Red from being successful at capturing your flag. If you are Red, you are
    trying to get past the HWGuys and capture their flag at the capture point,
    a small red square opposite of the flag on ground level.

 Q. How do I get past those damn Heavy Weapons Guys?

 A. You can try and axe your way by and overwhelm them by sheer numbers as
    only 2 HWGuys are allowed, or you could wait until they run out of ammo,
    have somebody else distract them, knock them in the slime, etc.

ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ COPYRIGHT/PERMISSIONS                                                      บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
 Authors had better NOT use this level as a base to build additional levels,
 or else I'll do something very cruel and painful to you! I also would
 appreciate it if a similar idea was NOT implemented in another map, as it
 was mine. However I'm open to suggestions, so if you feel you can make any,
 just send them in!

 You MAY distribute this compilation, provided you include the original .ZIP
 file with no modifications and all other associated files. This is of course
 exempting a download from a QuakeWorld server, but nonetheless the files must
 remain unchanged.

 This map copyright, J.C. Bengtson, 1998
 All mentioned trademarks are the property of their respective companies.