             This map requires TeamFortress Version 2.7 or higher!
ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ
Title                   : Civilian Sawmill, Version 3.0
Author                  : J.C. Bengtson

Online Handle           : >V< SailorScout
E-Mail Address          : sailorscout@mindless.com

Website                 : http://www.gamesnet.com/sailorscout

Included Files          : CIVSAW3 .BSP - The main data file
                          CIVSAW3 .TXT - The file you're reading
                          THEPOWER.WAV - This is heard when there's a capture
                          SIREN   .WAV - Touch the flag to hear this

Other Files by Author   : UAC_CNTR.WAD - My first level, for DOOM II
                          WATRCITY.WAD - Massive Water City for Heretic
                          DMENTRY .WAD - Cool modification of DOOM II's MAP01
                          JAWRAWx .BSP - Contributed work to the Jawraw maps
                          SWENT   .ENT - Sniprwar Entity upgrade
                          R1ENT   .ENT - Rock1 Entity upgrade

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ
Revision History        : v3.0 - ReMIPPed the textures making them look a
                                 little better, spliced the brushes in the
                                 lava somewhat better, stripped the light
                                 entities from the final compile, as well as
                                 a few other minor entity and texture changes.

                          v2.0 - Added the upper deck, redid the textures for
                                 the most part, added Megahealth, lava, fire,
                                 more spawn points for Civilians, and when
                                 a Red grabs the Blue flag, Blue gets some
                                 more ammo and cells. Many, many more changes.

                          v1.3 - Reverted Quad/Penta times, changed to 3
                                 HWGuys on the Blue team. Not good.

                          v1.2 - Colored the textures near where you grab the
                                 flag and where you cap, shortened time of
                                 Quad and lengthened Penta.

                          v1.1 - Minor ENT changes, better messages.
 
                          v1.0 - Initial release.

Installation            : The .BSP file goes in fortress\maps
                          The .WAV files go in fortress\sound\items

Compile Machine         : AOpen, Full Tower
                          Intel Pentium/200 MMX with 64 MB RAM, 24x CD-ROM,
                          8 MB Matrox Millenium II with Diamond Monster 3D,
                          Sound Blaster AWE 64, 56.6Kbps USRobotics modem

ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ THE STORY SO FAR..                                                         บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
Darkness falls over the smelting plant as evening settles in. It has been
several days since the milita's forces descended upon the quiet industrial
town and took over the biggest metal-processing plant in the States. Armed
with heavy Assualt Cannons, they proceeded to rid all the townspeople of
their money and armaments. They thought their victory was complete.

They were wrong.

As a member of the local factory workers union, you have convinced the rest
of the opressed people to gather together all the spare knifes, axes and any
other weapons that were not confiscated. It may not be much, but reports say
there are only 2 guards on patrol at any given time.

Your goal, the prized Blue flag. It is their source of ammo, and is said to
grant superstrength to those who can hold it long enough. As such, you must
steal it away from them and make your capture sound. Beware, the militia have
set an alarm on the flag so when it is taken by someone other then themselves
it will be loud enough for all to hear..

Good luck!

ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ PLAY INFORMATION                                                           บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
Map #                   : CIVSAW3

Base                    : A UAC facility on Phobos. Oh, I mean, all new
                          level from scratch!

Build Time              : Roughly 8 hours counting design and testing.

Programs used           : qED v1.0
                          EntEd v2.05 Beta 5c
                          ReMIPDLX v.092
                          ArghLite
                          QBsp v1.65
                          Vis-TS

May Not Run With...     : Capture the Flag or without the TF patch!

Known Bugs              : If there were any bugs I knew and still released
                          this, I would go to hell.

ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ LEVEL QUESTIONS                                                            บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
 Q. What is the point of this map?

 A. If you are Blue, it's just to kill as many Reds as possible. If you are
    Red, you are trying to get past the HWGuys and capture their flag at
    the capture point (an indentation opposite of the flag with a red floor).

 Q. How do I get past those damn Heavy Weapons Guys?

 A. You can try and axe your way by and overwhelm them by sheer numbers as
    only 2 HWGuys are allowed, or you could wait until they run out of ammo,
    have somebody else distract them, knock them in the lava, etc.

ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ QUOTE OF THE DAY                                                           บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

  "Precedent is what lesser men use to sanctify questionable activities.
   I would prefer to set precedent rather than follow it."

    - "Elias Crichell", Micheal A. Stackpole

ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ COPYRIGHT/PERMISSIONS                                                      บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
 Authors had better NOT use this level as a base to build additional levels,
 or else I'll do something very cruel and painful to you!

 You MAY distribute this compilation, provided you include the original .ZIP
 file with no modifications and all other associated files.

 This map copyright, J.C. Bengtson, 1998
 All mentioned trademarks are the property of their respective companies.
