Spaz-Ball - A Map for Team Fortress 2.6
By Sgt.Thundercok
Version 2
Other maps- The Well, The Rock
Used- Worldcraft, EntEd, Qme, Paint shop Pro
Level 4 vis(full vis)
jek19@idt.net

Fixes in Version 2-------
    -Set max of 8 players per team
    -Invisible floors below spawn room are gone
    -Detpacks are gone
    -Fixed grenade stripper
    -Fewer cells are given when a team is scored on
	-Players scoring on their team will be surprised
	-More messages

FIRST- Put the .mdl files in your fortress\progs folder.  Then
       put spaz2.bsp in your fortress\maps folder. Join server.
	   Die.

THEN- If you choose to, put the skins in your Fortress\skins folder.
      I adapted the TF skins to help identify team color and a few other
      things.

GAMEPLAY-  4 Teams, one ball.  Score on the enemy teams goals.
When a team is scored on 5 times they are spawned to the
observation rooms, and only have a axe.

Until a team is joined, they will be scored on for each score
on other teams.  So if red and blue are in and red has 2 goals,
and blue 1, yellow and green will have 3 each.

As each goal is scored on a new obstacle will be put in their
hallway for added defense, in order of;

  Start- Clear hall
 1 goal- Recycle chute is available
2 goals- Laser pit is available
3 goals- Saws are made active
4 goals- Fans O'Death are made active

The recycle chute and laser pit trap doors are triggered from the
command center in the hall.  The Saws and Fans are tripwires.
They will not trigger on the home team.

When you join the game, select a team that does NOT have 5
scores on them.  If your team loses, and you want to keep
playing, type reconnect in the console, and join another team.
Preferably to trounce the bastards that nailed your team.

A red light will flash at arena entrance to whatever hall the
ball is in.

BUGS- Some of the trigger_push's(air movers) act sticky in quakeworld.

NOTES- Please do not write telling me some other feature that should
       be in etc.  I am out of entity space and already had to
	   compromise many ideas to get it all to work.

     -Please DO write to tell me if something is particularly
	  annoying, and with how many players on at the time.
	 
     - All grenades are removed.  I wanted it to be each class with
	  their main weapon, not a bunch of mirvs, concussion, nail,
	  and hallucinogen grenades flying around.
     	   
